NEWEST UPDATE: Read START_HERE_COMPACT_MARKETPLACE.txt first.

LATEST ADDITION — 21 September 2026
Read START_HERE_NEW_STAFF.txt first before deploying this version.
It requires enabling Server Members Intent in Discord.

SNR BUNS — CITY RUN CUSTOMER PAGE & DISCORD UPDATE
20 September 2026

This is the latest update. The older Marketplace install note is retained for
reference; use these instructions for this version.

INSTALL INTO YOUR EXISTING SNR REPOSITORY
1. Extract this ZIP.
2. Copy the supplied files and folders into your existing repository beside
   bot.py, replacing matching files. Include the NEW city_dashboard.py and
   city_notifications.py modules. This ZIP is an update, not a standalone app.
3. Keep your existing database, Railway volume, environment variables and all
   other application files. Do not replace the whole repository with this ZIP.
4. Commit in GitHub Desktop: Improve City Run customer page and Discord embeds.
5. Push origin, wait for Railway to deploy, and check its startup logs.
6. Refresh your account and open the City Run tab.

CUSTOMER PAGE
- Stickers ready, X of 38 collected and duplicate count appear at the top.
- Nearest route is selected by fewest missing businesses, then completion %.
- Newly collected shows the five most recently FIRST-collected businesses,
  including stickers received through trades. Duplicate reveals do not move
  an old business into this list.
- Missing business count is visible; expand it to see every missing business.
- Completed routes show unclaimed, awaiting staff, issued or cancelled status.
- Marketplace shows live offers, your offers, completed trades and your three
  latest activities. Private activity is scoped to your authenticated account.
- One main button prioritises:
  1. Open My Stickers when active with reveals available (opens one at a time).
  2. Claim Route Reward when a completed route has an unclaimed reward.
  3. Visit Marketplace when active with duplicates or live offers.
  4. View My Collection otherwise.
- Grand-prize claim remains available in the grand-prize section.
- Cancelled route/grand claims can be requested again when claims are open.
- Ended seasons do not display working reveal or claim buttons.

SEASON END DATE
No date is invented or set by installing this update.
Until configured, customers see "End date to be announced".
An owner can use the new Discord command:
  /snrhub_city_run_end_date
Supply end_date as a future ISO date WITH its UTC offset, for example:
  2026-10-31T20:00:00+00:00
This example is not applied automatically. Choose your real season deadline.
Dates are stored/displayed in UTC. The customer countdown updates each second.
When the deadline is reached, the season ends on the next bot notification
cycle (normally within 10 seconds) or customer board request. Reveals and
trades also check the deadline in their award transaction. Pending claims can
still be handed over by staff. New claims close when a season has ended,
matching the existing ended-season rule.
The existing City Run owner control centre displays the configured end date.

DISCORD EMBEDS
- Route Completed
- Full Set Completed (all 38 businesses)
- Reward Awaiting Staff, with existing staff fulfil/cancel buttons
- Reward Issued
- Marketplace Trade Completed
- Grand Prize Completed (qualification, not a claim of physical handover)
- System Error / Sticker Failed
- Season Started / Season Ended
Events use distinct colours, recorded time and event references. Existing
reward claims keep their claim references and interactive staff controls.
They use your existing private City Run alert channel configuration.
Routine events do not ping staff; reward claims keep the existing staff ping.
Completion events are queued once per customer/route/season, with retry after
Discord send failures. Existing queued events also receive the new formatting.
Unexpected sticker failures roll back before an alert is queued, and are
coalesced per customer per minute. Normal user validation errors do not spam
Discord. If the database itself is unavailable, failure information can only
be written to the application log until it recovers.

VERIFICATION
- 17 automated Python checks passed, using isolated temporary databases.
- JavaScript countdown, expiry, collection expansion and focus checks passed.
- Python compilation and JavaScript syntax checks passed.
- Rendering of the actual customer section was checked programmatically.
- Full browser visual testing was unavailable because the browser download
  was blocked. Live Discord delivery and Railway startup require verification
  after installation; no live deployment or Discord messages were performed.

Local test commands (optional, in the existing repository):
  python3 -m unittest discover -s tests -q
  node tests/test_city_dashboard_js.cjs
